feat(changelog): containers-fixed-cpu-metrics-fix-for-sandbox-v2 2025-03-31 (#4739)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2025/2025-03-31-containers-fixed-cpu-metrics-fix-for-sandbox-v2.mdx

---

> title: CPU Metrics fix for sandbox v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: CPU metrics fixed for sandbox v2
```

status: fixed
date: 2025-03-31
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> CPU Metrics on sandbox v2 could lead to jagged visualizations in the dashboards. We have deployed a fix to address this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CPU metrics on sandbox v2 sometimes led to jagged visualizations in the dashboards. We have deployed a fix to address this issue.
```
